Samuel Taylor
09/24/2019
HW2 - Histo.c



What I found difficult:

I struggeled a bit with this project as it required 
several new concepts to be understood. Firstly, the
filtering of alphanumeric characters using the value
of each was a first for me. Additionally, having to 
not only keep track of how many words there were, but
also how long each one was proved to be difficult.



How I planned my approach to it:

I started my approach by looking at the example 
provided in the book on page 20 regarding word
counting. From there, I tried a few things on my
own to add some more functionality. The biggest
roadblock I ran into (which took a full day to solve)
was that I didn't put my numbers in quotes when 
doing the character alphanumeric sort. This threw off
my total word value very slightly, and took a lot of 
time to figure out. 


What I learned completing it:

I learned quite a bit doing this assignment, mostly
about myself and how I approach these things. The
most value came from slowing down, and reading one 
line at a time to see exactly what my code was doing
and where things were being stored and altered. The
problem for me comes from trying to solve the whole
thing in one go, instead of breaking it down into 
small pieces. Once you can do that, it makes it so 
much easier and saves a lot of time. 















